{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 @article\{Bekenstein1973,\
  author = \{Bekenstein, J. D.\},\
  title = \{Black Holes and Entropy\},\
  journal = \{Phys. Rev. D\},\
  volume = \{7\},\
  pages = \{2333\},\
  year = \{1973\}\
\}\
\
@article\{Hawking1975,\
  author = \{Hawking, S. W.\},\
  title = \{Particle Creation by Black Holes\},\
  journal = \{Commun. Math. Phys.\},\
  volume = \{43\},\
  pages = \{199\},\
  year = \{1975\}\
\}\
\
@article\{Hawking1976,\
  author = \{Hawking, S. W.\},\
  title = \{Breakdown of Predictability in Gravitational Collapse\},\
  journal = \{Phys. Rev. D\},\
  volume = \{14\},\
  pages = \{2460\},\
  year = \{1976\}\
\}\
\
@article\{Sen1981,\
  author = \{Sen, A.\},\
  title = \{Logarithmic Corrections to the Bekenstein-Hawking Entropy\},\
  journal = \{Phys. Rev. D\},\
  volume = \{24\},\
  pages = \{3281\},\
  year = \{1981\}\
\}\
\
@article\{KaulMajumdar2000,\
  author = \{Kaul, R. K. and Majumdar, P.\},\
  title = \{Logarithmic Correction to the Bekenstein-Hawking Entropy\},\
  journal = \{Phys. Rev. D\},\
  volume = \{61\},\
  pages = \{124018\},\
  year = \{2000\}\
\}\
\
@article\{StromingerVafa1996,\
  author = \{Strominger, A. and Vafa, C.\},\
  title = \{Microscopic Origin of the Bekenstein-Hawking Entropy\},\
  journal = \{Phys. Lett. B\},\
  volume = \{379\},\
  pages = \{99\},\
  year = \{1996\}\
\}\
\
@article\{Zwiebach1985,\
  author = \{Zwiebach, B.\},\
  title = \{Curvature Squared Terms and String Theories\},\
  journal = \{Phys. Lett. B\},\
  volume = \{156\},\
  pages = \{315\},\
  year = \{1985\}\
\}\
\
@article\{BoulwareDeser1985,\
  author = \{Boulware, D. G. and Deser, S.\},\
  title = \{String Generated Gravity Models\},\
  journal = \{Phys. Rev. Lett.\},\
  volume = \{55\},\
  pages = \{2656\},\
  year = \{1985\}\
\}\
\
@article\{GlavanLin2020,\
  author = \{Glavan, D. and Lin, C.\},\
  title = \{Einstein-Gauss-Bonnet Gravity in Four-Dimensional Spacetime\},\
  journal = \{Phys. Rev. Lett.\},\
  volume = \{124\},\
  pages = \{081301\},\
  year = \{2020\}\
\}\
\
@article\{Selberg1956,\
  author = \{Selberg, A.\},\
  title = \{Harmonic Analysis and Discontinuous Groups in Weakly Symmetric Riemannian Spaces with Applications to Dirichlet Series\},\
  journal = \{J. Indian Math. Soc.\},\
  volume = \{20\},\
  pages = \{47\},\
  year = \{1956\}\
\}\
\
@book\{Edwards1974,\
  author = \{Edwards, H. M.\},\
  title = \{Riemann's Zeta Function\},\
  publisher = \{Academic Press\},\
  year = \{1974\}\
\}\
\
@book\{Ivic1985,\
  author = \{Ivic, A.\},\
  title = \{The Riemann Zeta-Function\},\
  publisher = \{John Wiley \\& Sons\},\
  year = \{1985\}\
\}\
\
@article\{Berry1986,\
  author = \{Berry, M. V.\},\
  title = \{Riemann's Zeta Function and the Quantum Mechanical Billiard\},\
  journal = \{J. Phys. A\},\
  volume = \{19\},\
  pages = \{315\},\
  year = \{1986\}\
\}\
\
@article\{Bohigas1984,\
  author = \{Bohigas, O. and Giannoni, M. J. and Schmit, C.\},\
  title = \{Characterization of Chaotic Quantum Spectra and Universality of Level Fluctuation Laws\},\
  journal = \{Phys. Rev. Lett.\},\
  volume = \{52\},\
  pages = \{1\},\
  year = \{1984\}\
\}\
\
@article\{DeWitt1967,\
  author = \{DeWitt, B. S.\},\
  title = \{Quantum Theory of Gravity. II. The Manifestly Covariant Theory\},\
  journal = \{Phys. Rev.\},\
  volume = \{160\},\
  pages = \{1113\},\
  year = \{1967\}\
\}\
\
@article\{FaddeevPopov1967,\
  author = \{Faddeev, L. D. and Popov, V. N.\},\
  title = \{Feynman Diagrams for the Yang-Mills Field\},\
  journal = \{Phys. Lett. B\},\
  volume = \{25\},\
  pages = \{29\},\
  year = \{1967\}\
\}\
\
@book\{Gilkey1995,\
  author = \{Gilkey, P. B.\},\
  title = \{Invariance Theory, the Heat Equation, and the Atiyah-Singer Index Theorem\},\
  publisher = \{CRC Press\},\
  year = \{1995\}\
\}\
\
@article\{Seeley1967,\
  author = \{Seeley, R. T.\},\
  title = \{Complex Powers of an Elliptic Operator\},\
  journal = \{Proc. Symp. Pure Math.\},\
  volume = \{10\},\
  pages = \{288\},\
  year = \{1967\}\
\}\
\
@article\{DeWitt1965,\
  author = \{DeWitt, B. S.\},\
  title = \{Dynamical Theory of Groups and Fields\},\
  journal = \{Relativity, Groups and Topology\},\
  pages = \{585\},\
  year = \{1965\}\
\}\
\
@article\{ChristensenDuff1978,\
  author = \{Christensen, S. M. and Duff, M. J.\},\
  title = \{New Gravitational Index Theorems and Supertheorems\},\
  journal = \{Nucl. Phys. B\},\
  volume = \{138\},\
  pages = \{309\},\
  year = \{1978\}\
\}\
\
@article\{LISA2017,\
  author = \{Amaro-Seoane, P. et al.\},\
  title = \{Laser Interferometer Space Antenna\},\
  journal = \{arXiv:1702.00786\},\
  year = \{2017\}\
\}\
\
@article\{CTA2017,\
  author = \{CTA Consortium\},\
  title = \{Science with the Cherenkov Telescope Array\},\
  journal = \{arXiv:1709.07997\},\
  year = \{2017\}\
\}\
\
@article\{Wald1993,\
  author = \{Wald, R. M.\},\
  title = \{Black Hole Entropy is the Noether Charge\},\
  journal = \{Phys. Rev. D\},\
  volume = \{48\},\
  pages = \{3427\},\
  year = \{1993\}\
\}\
\
@article\{Vassilevich2003,\
  author = \{Vassilevich, D. V.\},\
  title = \{Heat Kernel Expansion: User's Manual\},\
  journal = \{Phys. Rep.\},\
  volume = \{388\},\
  pages = \{279\},\
  year = \{2003\}\
\}\
\
@article\{Solodukhin2011,\
  author = \{Solodukhin, S. N.\},\
  title = \{Entanglement Entropy of Black Holes\},\
  journal = \{Living Rev. Relativ.\},\
  volume = \{14\},\
  pages = \{8\},\
  year = \{2011\}\
\}\
\
@article\{Berti2009,\
  author = \{Berti, E. and Cardoso, V. and Starinets, A. O.\},\
  title = \{Quasinormal Modes of Black Holes and Black Branes\},\
  journal = \{Class. Quantum Grav.\},\
  volume = \{26\},\
  pages = \{163001\},\
  year = \{2009\}\
\}}